The times of forbidding prayer are excludes the salutation of the mosque and the reasons for it
If a man enters the mosque in front of the Aghan of Maghrib with a small amount, is it permissible for him to fast?
Two rak'ahs before the adhaan or sitting until the muezzin is given permission, or he stands standing until the muezzin is given permission,
Some people say: "It is permissible to bow before the Azan of Maghrib, and some of them People say:
It is not permissible to sit until you pray two rak'ahs to the mosqueMay God help you
IIn the name of God the Merciful, Praise be to God, and blessings and peace be upon the Messenger of God, and his family and his companions and guided by his guidance.
After that: It was proven that the Messenger of Allah peace be upon him that he said: If one of you entered
The mosque does not sit until he prays two rak'ahs,
he saw a man sat on Friday and did not arrive
He ordered him to pray two rak'ahs, and this indicates that the two rak'ahs are confirmed in the right
Enter the mosque.
The scholars differed concerning those who entered during the time of prohibition, such as after the 'Asr, or at sunset Sun
or after Fajr prayer, does he pray these two rak'ahs or sit? On two legsFor the scholars, the healthier and more likely:
or after Fajr prayer, does he pray these two rak'ahs or sit? On two legs For the scholars, the healthier and more likely: that he prays
pray them even at the time of prohibition;
Because of the reasons,
so the Prophet peace be upon him performance when enterin Mosque, if he enters the mosque after the age or after the morning or at sunset
It is better to pray and then sit, this is the best, and sat and did not arrive there is nothing wrong Because they are a naafil year and not obligatory for the general scholars
If he sat down, there is nothing wrong with them, and if he is praying them, he is better, in accordance with this correct hadeeth
As for the ahaadeeth that prohibit praying after the 'Asr and after the morning, they are generally excluded from greeting the mosque
And excluding them for reasons, such as prayer in the tawaaf in Mecca if he toured
After the era, there is nothing wrong with praying for tawaaf, and it is like praying eclipse if the sun breaks down
After the age, the Sunnah that Muslims pray Eclipse prayer after the age, because they are of the same
The reasons, this is the most correct,
and sitting, there is nothing wrong, and should not in such conflict and the violation, but should be in this tolerance
it is prayed has been better, and sat there is nothing wrong